FF151 Relnote: keyboardLock option for Element.requestFullScreen() (#43883)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/151/index.md

  This makes it possible to open an [always-on-top window](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Picture-in-Picture_API#how_does_it_work) that can be populated with arbitrary HTML content.
  It can be used to display any content that a user might want to view separate from the launching page (or even the browser), such as a set of streams showing the participants of a video conference call, a stock ticker, or a countdown timer.
  ([Firefox bug 2006594](https://bugzil.la/2006594)).
- The [`options.keyboardLock`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/requestFullscreen#keyboardlock) property can now be passed as an option to {{domxref("Element.requestFullscreen()")}}, allowing websites to request keyboard lock when the element is displayed in fullscreen mode.

>   This prevents the <kbd>Esc</kbd> key from causing the element to leave fullscreen (instead, a long-press is required), and some formerly-reserved browser hotkeys are allowed to be default-prevented.

Reviewer: The latter part could be rephrased:
- as an alternative: "(a long-press is required instead)"
- to be more explicit about "default-prevented": ".., and the default action of some browser-reserved hotkeys to be..." overridden?

Author: Thanks. Good points. Fixed. Note, I'd love to say what the keys are, but I can't work it out - the spec is still in draft on this too, so probably best not to say too much.

```suggestion
  This stops the <kbd>Esc</kbd> key from causing the element to leave fullscreen (a long-press is required instead), and some formerly-reserved browser hotkeys can now be intercepted and their default action prevented.
```

Reviewer: This reads good 👍
